A website consists of many files: text content, code, stylesheets, media content and so on. When building a website
assemble these files into a sensible structure on your local computer and make sure they can talk to one another, and
get all your content looking right before you actually upload them to a server.


Where should your website live on your computer?
When working on a website locally on your computer, keep all the related files in a single folder that mirrors the
published website's file structure on the server. This folder can be anywhere but put it somewhere where you can find
it easily.

1. Choose a place to store your website projects. Inside that, create a new folder called web-projects (or similar).
    This is where all your website projects will live in.
2. Inside that folder, create another folder to store your first website. Call it test-site (or somthing imaginative).


An aside on casing and spacing
We ask you to name folders and files completely in lowercase with no spaces. This is because:

1. Many computers, particularly web-servers, are case-sensitive. So for example, if you put an image on your website at
    test-site/Myimage.jpg and then in different file you try to invoke the image as test-site/myimage.jpg
2. Browsers, web-servers and programming languages do not handle spaces consistently. For example, some systems may 
    treat spaces in your filename as two filenames. Some servers will replace the areas in your filenames with "%20"
    (the character code for spaces in URL), resulting all your links being broken. Its better to separate words with
    hyphens, rather than underscores: my-file.html(right) vs my_file.html(wrong).

The short answer is that you should use a hyphen for your file names. The Google search engine treats a hyphen as a word
    separator but does not regard an underscore that way. For these reasons, it is best to get into the habit of writing 
    your folder and file names lowercase with no spaces and with words separated by hyphens.



What structure should your website have?
The most common things we'll have on any website project we create are an index HTML file and folders to contain 
    images, style files, and script files.

1. index.html: This file generally contain your homepage content, that is, the text and images that people server
    when they first go to your site
2. images folder: This folder will contain all the images that you use on your site.
3. styles folder: This folder will contain all the images that you use on your site.
4. scripts folder: This folder will contain all the Javascript code used to add interactive functionality to your site.
    (e.g buttons that load data when clicked)



File paths
* To link to a target file in the same directory as the invoking HTML file, just use the filname e.g my-image.jpg.
* To reference a file in subdirectory, write the directory name in front of the path, plus a forward slash. e.generally
    subdirectory/my-image.jpg
* To link to a target file in the directory above the invoking html file, write two dots. So for example, 
    if index.html was inside a subfolder of test-site and my-image.jpg was inside test-site, you could reference 
    my-image.jpg from index.html using ../my-image.jpg.
* You can combine these as much as you like, for example ../subdirectory/another-subdirectory/my-image.jpg.

Note: The Windows file system tends to use backslashes, not forward slashes, e.g. C:\Windows. 
    This doesn't matter in HTML — even if you are developing your website on Windows, you should still use 
    forward slashes in your code.